Notes:
1. When these data ports are not in use and to reduce leakage power dissipation, the data port input signals must be tied High, the port
input register must be selected, and the CE and RST input control signals must be tied Low. An example of unused C port
recommended settings would be setting C[47:0] = all ones, CREG = 1, CEC = 0, and RSTC = 0.
2. These signals are dedicated routing paths internal to the DSP48E1 column. They are not accessible via fabric routing resources.
3. All signals are active High.


Can cascade the A and B inputs from one DSP slice to next DSP slices for certain designs
	For example, a Finite Impulse
	Response (FIR) filter design can use the cascading inputs to arrange a series of input data
	samples and the cascading outputs to arrange a series of partial output results.
	

	
If the pattern detector is not being employed, it can be used for other creative design
implementations. These include:
• Duplicating a pin (for example, the sign bit) to reduce fanout and thus increase speed.


To achieve maximum performance when using the DSP48E1 slice, the design needs to be
fully pipelined. For multiplier-based designs, the DSP48E1 slice requires a three-stage
pipeline. For non-multiplier-based designs, a two-stage pipeline should be used. Also see
the 7 series FPGA data sheets [Ref 5]. If latency is important in the design and only one or
two registers can be used within the DSP48E1 slice, always use the M register.



https://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/36710.html
The user specifies 1 to 64 instructions in the core GUI which are translated into the various control signals for the XtremeDSP slice of the target device. 
The instructions are stored in a ROM from which the user selects the appropriate instruction using the SEL port.

The 48-bit adder/subtracter/accumulator can be split into smaller data segments where
the internal carry propagation between segments is blocked to ensure independent
operation for all segments. The adder/subtracter/accumulator can be split into four 12-bit
adder/subtracter/accumulators or two 24-bit adder/subtracter/accumulators with carry
out signal per segment. The SIMD mode segmentation is a static configuration as opposed
to dynamic OPMODE type control 


Six-Input Adder


The height of the DSP column can differ between the Virtex-5, Virtex-6, and 7 series devices
and should be considered while porting designs between the devices. Spanning columns is
possible by taking P bus output from the top of one DSP column and adding fabric
pipeline registers to route this bus to the C port of the bottom DSP48E1 slice of the adjacent
DSP column. Alignment of input operands is also necessary to span multiple DSP
columns.




• Always sign extend the input operands when implementing smaller bit width
functions. For lower fabric power, push operands into MSBs and ground (GND) LSBs.
• While cascading different DSP48E1 slices, the pipestages of the different signal paths
should be matched.
• SRL16s/SRL32s in the CLB and block RAM should be used to store filter coefficients
or act as a register file or memory elements in conjunction with the DSP48E1 slice. The
bit pitch of the input bits (4 bits per interconnect) is designed to pitch match the CLB
and block RAM.
• The block RAM can also be used as a fast, finite state machine to drive the control
logic for the DSP design.
• A pipeline register should be used at the output of an SRL16 or block RAM before
connecting it to the input of the DSP48E1 slice. This ensures the best performance of
input operands feeding the DSP48E1 slice.
• In 7 series devices, the register at the output of the SRL16 in the slice has a reset pin
and a clock-enable pin. To reset the SRL16, a zero is input into the SRL16 for 16 clock
cycles while holding the reset of the output register High. This capability is
particularly useful in implementing filters where the SRL16s are used to store the data
inputs.

page 58





IN SUMMARY
one dsp and kep accum data in reg and keep cycling data back and accum
